what's going on YouTube back again
another video so your mortal kombat fans
out there most of you have been loving
this hat have a real hard time finding
it i know they sold out right away on
new era they also sold out real quick on
lids however if you like this hat you
guys are really going to be envious of
this hat it is the mortal kombat all
over we got Raiden sub-zero can't
remember his name scorpion and then a
couple of the girls which I don't
exactly remember their names either I'll
really care because the main focus I
think of this hat would be sub-zero
Raiden scorpion those are the big
hitters high definition looking print
their size seven and three eighths hard
to see yeah this hat sad is super fresh
I seen it pop up and within an hour it
was sold out so I just kept checking out
three four days later lo and behold it
popped up again so I had to get myself
one um actually believe it or not have
another mortal kombat hat that's coming
that you guys might not know about so
that makes three mortal kombat heads i
got some other hats coming and i also
got the Human Torch air max 95's so
those are on their way should have those
next week and I just I want to say thank
you to everybody for all the comments
all the views because of you guys new
era has asked me to put another video on
their website so I'm very appreciative
of that Thank You new era so as far as I
know other than Pharrell from nerd I
will literally be
the only person on the planet that has
two videos on New Era's website so
pretty excited about that that's cool
it's nice to get a little reckon
recognition for it so keep the comments
coming keep watching my videos and I'll
see you guys next time